---
title: "CTF-Writeup-2025"
date: 2025-02-23
---
<h1>{{ IOS }}</h1>
1. **Peak Performance : What version of IOS** 18.0
2. **What version of IOS: What is the device's phone number?** : 18024959063
3. MARY - In The Name of Friendship - What was the contact name stored on 2024-11-13 5:45:05.000 PM
4. 0 - Call Me, Maybe - Out of all the incoming calls, how many were answered?
5. 1 - Correct Me If I'm Wrong.. How many words typed were autocorrected?
6. 2:15 - Where Are We Meeting? - What time did ruth plan to meet Mary at Black Cap?
7. Blonde - The Root of The Problem - What color hair does Ruth's Bitmoji have?
8. Canva - Artifically Crafted Designs - What was the first AI tool installed on the device?
9. 184.171.159.153 - Tracing The Envelope - What was the IP address logged from Discord?
10. 36.1660667 - Where's Nashville? What is the Latitude of Nashville in the Weather App? Format: xx.xxxxxxx
11. 432 - Important FACTor- What is the answer to second the equation in notes?
12. **Snapchat -** The Ghost That Couldn't Speak - What app was denied permission to use Microphone?
13. EARLYBF24 - user notification events - The Sale Before the Sale - If Ruth bought an item for $40 or more, she gets her second one 40% off with what code?
14. TikTok on the Clock- In YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS format, when was the tiktok video posted?
15. **North Beach - Directional Navigation- What beach was searched for?
16. 2024-11-12 22:11:09,1993-11, Get the serial number and check coverage on apple - Dec 2022 purchase date - FLAG - 2022-12 - SERIALously Old! Using format YYYY-MM, When was this device purchased?
17. author - nicole vranjican - Artists write their names on the CANVAs - Who is the author of the October 2023 wallpaper?
